---
sidebar_position: 2
---

import TGExample from "@site/src/components/TGExample";

# Backend for frontend

Backend for frontend (BFF) is an architectural pattern in which each frontend
client has a dedicated backend system. It allows for client-specific
customization of the API, including endpoints and data transformations, to
support unique needs of the frontend.

## Study case

<div className="text-center md:float-right p-8">

![](image.drawio.svg)

</div>

Imagine you have a web frontend and mobile app that both consume data from a
(micro)service-based backend. The web frontend requires certain data fields in one
format, and the mobile app requires different data fields in another different
format.

In a traditional architecture, both the web and mobile frontends would have to
make separate API calls to the (micro)services, and then format the data into the
appropriate structure themselves. This can lead to duplicated code, increased
latency, and decreased efficiency.

However, with a BFF in place, the BFF can handle the formatting of the data,
based on the specific needs of each frontend. This means that the frontends can
make a single API call to the BFF, which then communicates with the
(micro)services, retrieves the data, and formats it into the required structure
before returning it to the frontend. This results in reduced duplicated code,
improved performance, and a cleaner separation of concerns between frontend and
backend.

## Suggested solution

Metatype can act as a generic BFF component, serving multiple dedicated APIs and
handling security, authentication and authorization for you. By encapsulating the
logic for communicating with the (micro)services, Metatype helps to ensure that
the frontends are as decoupled as possible from the other services, making it
easier to make changes to either the frontend or the backend without affecting
the other.

<TGExample
  typegraph="backend-for-frontend"
  python={require("./typegraph.py")}
  query={require("./query.graphql")}
/>
