---
title: Terms of services
---

<!-- vale off -->

# Terms of services

PLEASE READ THIS TERMS OF SERVICE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY, AS IT CONTAINS IMPORTANT
INFORMATION REGARDING YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS AND REMEDIES.

Last Revised: 2022-11-29

## 1. Overview

This Terms of Service Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into by and between
Metatype OÃœ, registered address Sepapaja tn 6, 15551 Tallinn, Estonia, EE
("Company") and you, and is made effective as of the date of your use of this
website http://metatype.dev ("Site") or the date of electronic acceptance. This
Agreement sets forth the general terms and conditions of your use of the
http://metatype.dev as well as the products and/or services purchased or
accessed through this Site (the "Services").Whether you are simply browsing or
using this Site or purchase Services, your use of this Site and your electronic
acceptance of this Agreement signifies that you have read, understand,
acknowledge and agree to be bound by this Agreement our
[Privacy policy](/legal/privacy-policy). The terms "we", "us" or "our" shall
refer to Company. The terms "you", "your", "User" or "customer" shall refer to
any individual or entity who accepts this Agreement, uses our Site, has access
or uses the Services. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to confer any
third-party rights or benefits. Company may, in its sole and absolute
discretion, change or modify this Agreement, and any policies or agreements
which are incorporated herein, at any time, and such changes or modifications
shall be effective immediately upon posting to this Site. Your use of this Site
or the Services after such changes or modifications have been made shall
constitute your acceptance of this Agreement as last revised. IF YOU DO NOT
AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT AS LAST REVISED, DO NOT USE (OR CONTINUE TO
USE) THIS SITE OR THE SERVICES.

## 2. Eligibility

This Site and the Services are available only to Users who can form legally
binding contracts under applicable law. By using this Site or the Services, you
represent and warrant that you are (i) at least eighteen (18) years of age, (ii)
otherwise recognized as being able to form legally binding contracts under
applicable law, and (iii) are not a person barred from purchasing or receiving
the Services found under the laws of the Estonia or other applicable
jurisdiction. If you are entering into this Agreement on behalf of a company or
any corporate entity, you represent and warrant that you have the legal
authority to bind such corporate entity to the terms and conditions contained in
this Agreement, in which case the terms "you", "your", "User" or "customer"
shall refer to such corporate entity. If, after your electronic acceptance of
this Agreement, Company finds that you do not have the legal authority to bind
such corporate entity, you will be personally responsible for the obligations
contained in this Agreement.

## 3. Rules of user conduct

By using this Site You acknowledge and agree that:

- Your use of this Site, including any content you submit, will comply with this
  Agreement and all applicable local, state, national and international laws,
  rules and regulations.

You will not use this Site in a manner that:

- Is illegal, or promotes or encourages illegal activity;
- Promotes, encourages or engages in child pornography or the exploitation of
  children;
- Promotes, encourages or engages in terrorism, violence against people,
  animals, or property;
- Promotes, encourages or engages in any spam or other unsolicited bulk email,
  or computer or network hacking or cracking;
- Infringes on the intellectual property rights of another User or any other
  person or entity;
- Violates the privacy or publicity rights of another User or any other person
  or entity, or breaches any duty of confidentiality that you owe to another
  User or any other person or entity;
- Interferes with the operation of this Site;
- Contains or installs any viruses, worms, bugs, Trojan horses, Cryptocurrency
  Miners or other code, files or programs designed to, or capable of, using many
  resources, disrupting, damaging, or limiting the functionality of any software
  or hardware.

You will not:

- copy or distribute in any medium any part of this Site, except where expressly
  authorized by Company,
- copy or duplicate this Terms of Services agreement,
- modify or alter any part of this Site or any of its related technologies,
- access Companies Content (as defined below) or User Content through any
  technology or means other than through this Site itself.

## 4. Intellectual property

In addition to the general rules above, the provisions in this Section apply
specifically to your use of Companies Content posted to Site. Companies Content
on this Site, including without limitation the text, software, scripts, source
code, API, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos and interactive features and
the trademarks, service marks and logos contained therein ("Companies Content"),
are owned by or licensed to Metatype in perpetuity, and are subject to
copyright, trademark, and/or patent protection. Companies Content is provided to
you "as is", "as available" and "with all faults" for your information and
personal, non-commercial use only and may not be downloaded, copied, reproduced,
distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed, or otherwise
exploited for any purposes whatsoever without the express prior written consent
of Company. No right or license under any copyright, trademark, patent, or other
proprietary right or license is granted by this Agreement.

## 5. Your use of user content

Some of the features of this Site may allow Users to view, post, publish, share,
or manage (a) ideas, opinions, recommendations, or advice ("User Submissions"),
or (b) literary, artistic, musical, or other content, including but not limited
to photos and videos (together with User Submissions, "User Content"). By
posting or publishing User Content to this Site, you represent and warrant to
Company that (i) you have all necessary rights to distribute User Content via
this Site or via the Services, either because you are the author of the User
Content and have the right to distribute the same, or because you have the
appropriate distribution rights, licenses, consents, and/or permissions to use,
in writing, from the copyright or other owner of the User Content, and (ii) the
User Content does not violate the rights of any third party. You agree not to
circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with the security-related features of
this Site (including without limitation those features that prevent or restrict
use or copying of any Companies Content or User Content) or enforce limitations
on the use of this Site, the Companies Content or the User Content therein.

## 6. Companies use of user content

The provisions in this Section apply specifically to Companies use of User
Content posted to Site. You shall be solely responsible for any and all of your
User Content or User Content that is submitted by you, and the consequences of,
and requirements for, distributing it. With Respect to User Submissions, you
acknowledge and agree that:

- Your User Submissions are entirely voluntary.
- Your User Submissions do not establish a confidential relationship or obligate
  Company to treat your User Submissions as confidential or secret.
- Company has no obligation, either express or implied, to develop or use your
  User Submissions, and no compensation is due to you or to anyone else for any
  intentional or unintentional use of your User Submissions.

Company shall own exclusive rights (including all intellectual property and
other proprietary rights) to any User Submissions posted to this Site, and shall
be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of any User Submissions
posted to this Site for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without
acknowledgment or compensation to you or to anyone else. With Respect to User
Content, by posting or publishing User Content to this Site, you authorize
Company to use the intellectual property and other proprietary rights in and to
your User Content to enable inclusion and use of the User Content in the manner
contemplated by this Site and this Agreement. You hereby grant Company a
worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable, and transferable license
to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, combine with other
works, display, and perform your User Content in connection with this Site,
including without limitation for promoting and redistributing all or part of
this Site in any media formats and through any media channels without
restrictions of any kind and without payment or other consideration of any kind,
or permission or notification, to you or any third party. You also hereby grant
each User of this Site a non-exclusive license to access your User Content
through this Site, and to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works
of, combine with other works, display, and perform your User Content as
permitted through the functionality of this Site and under this Agreement. The
above licenses granted by you in your User Content terminate within a
commercially reasonable time after you remove or delete your User Content from
this Site. You understand and agree, however, that Company may retain (but not
distribute, display, or perform) server copies of your User Content that have
been removed or deleted. The above licenses granted by you in your User Content
are perpetual and irrevocable. Company generally does not pre-screen User
Content but reserves the right (but undertakes no duty) to do so and decide
whether any item of User Content is appropriate and/or complies with this
Agreement. Company may remove any item of User Content if it violating this
Agreement, at any time and without prior notice.

## 7. Links to third party websites

This Site may contain links to third-party websites that are not owned or
controlled by Company. Company assumes no responsibility for the content, terms
and conditions, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party websites. In
addition, Company does not censor or edit the content of any third-party
websites. By using this Site you expressly release Company from any and all
liability arising from your use of any third-party website. Accordingly, Company
encourages you to be aware when you leave this Site and to review the terms and
conditions, privacy policies, and other governing documents of each other
website that you may visit.

## 8. Disclaimer of representations and warranties

YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS SITE SHALL BE AT
YOUR OWN RISK AND THAT THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", "AS AVAILABLE" AND "WITH
ALL FAULTS". COMPANY, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, DISCLAIM ALL
WARRANTIES, STATUTORY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. COMPANY, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS
MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ABOUT (I) THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR
CONTENT OF THIS SITE, (II) THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR CONTENT OF ANY SITES
LINKED (THROUGH HYPERLINKS, BANNER ADVERTISING OR OTHERWISE) TO THIS SITE,
AND/OR (III) THE SERVICES FOUND AT THIS SITE OR ANY SITES LINKED (THROUGH
HYPERLINKS, BANNER ADVERTISING OR OTHERWISE) TO THIS SITE, AND COMPANY ASSUMES
NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE SAME. IN ADDITION, YOU SPECIFICALLY
ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE PROVIDED BY
COMPANY, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS, AND THIRD-PARTY SERVICE
PROVIDERS WILL (I) CONSTITUTE LEGAL OR FINANCIAL ADVICE OR (II) CREATE A
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO THIS SITE OR THE SERVICES FOUND AT THIS
SITE, AND USERS SHOULD NOT RELY ON ANY SUCH INFORMATION OR ADVICE. THE FOREGOING
DISCLAIMER OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
PERMITTED BY LAW, and shall survive any termination or expiration of this
Agreement or your use of this Site or the Services found at this Site.

## 9. Limitation of liability

IN NO EVENT SHALL COMPANY, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, AND ALL
THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS, BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING ANY DAMAGES THAT MAY RESULT FROM (I) THE ACCURACY,
COMPLETENESS, OR CONTENT OF THIS SITE, (II) THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR
CONTENT OF ANY SITES LINKED (THROUGH HYPERLINKS, BANNER ADVERTISING OR
OTHERWISE) TO THIS SITE, (III) THE SERVICES FOUND AT THIS SITE OR ANY SITES
LINKED (THROUGH HYPERLINKS, BANNER ADVERTISING OR OTHERWISE) TO THIS SITE, (IV)
PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, (V) THIRD-PARTY
CONDUCT OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, (VI) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF SERVICES
TO OR FROM THIS SITE OR ANY SITES LINKED (THROUGH HYPERLINKS, BANNER ADVERTISING
OR OTHERWISE) TO THIS SITE, (VII) ANY VIRUSES, WORMS, BUGS, TROJAN HORSES, OR
THE LIKE, WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR FROM THIS SITE OR ANY SITES LINKED
(THROUGH HYPERLINKS, BANNER ADVERTISING OR OTHERWISE) TO THIS SITE, (VIII) ANY
USER CONTENT OR CONTENT THAT IS DEFAMATORY, HARASSING, ABUSIVE, HARMFUL TO
MINORS OR ANY PROTECTED CLASS, PORNOGRAPHIC, "X-RATED", OBSCENE OR OTHERWISE
OBJECTIONABLE, AND/OR (IX) ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT
OF YOUR USE OF THIS SITE OR THE SERVICES FOUND AT THIS SITE, WHETHER BASED ON
WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, AND WHETHER OR
NOT COMPANY IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN ADDITION, You
SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND agree that any cause of action arising out of or
related to this Site or the Services found at this Site must be commenced within
one (1) year after the cause of action accrues, otherwise such cause of action
shall be permanently barred. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, AND shall survive any termination or
expiration of this Agreement or your use of this Site or the Services found at
this Site.

## 10. Indemnity

You agree to protect, defend, indemnify and hold harmless Company and its
officers, directors, employees, agents from and against any and all claims,
demands, costs, expenses, losses, liabilities and damages of every kind and
nature (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneysâ€™ fees) imposed upon
or incurred by Company directly or indirectly arising from (i) your use of and
access to this Site; (ii) your violation of any provision of this Agreement or
the policies or agreements which are incorporated herein; and/or (iii) your
violation of any third-party right, including without limitation any
intellectual property or other proprietary right. The indemnification
obligations under this section shall survive any termination or expiration of
this Agreement or your use of this Site or the Services found at this Site.

## 11. Data transfer

If you are visiting this Site from a country other than the country in which our
servers are located, your communications with us may result in the transfer of
information across international boundaries. By visiting this Site and
communicating electronically with us, you consent to such transfers.

## 12. Availability of website

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and our policies, we shall
use commercially reasonable efforts to attempt to provide this Site on 24/7
basis. You acknowledge and agree that from time to time this Site may be
inaccessible for any reason including, but not limited to, periodic maintenance,
repairs or replacements that we undertake from time to time, or other causes
beyond our control including, but not limited to, interruption or failure of
telecommunication or digital transmission links or other failures. You
acknowledge and agree that we have no control over the availability of this Site
on a continuous or uninterrupted basis, and that we assume no liability to you
or any other party with regard thereto.

## 13. Discontinued services

Company reserves the right to cease offering or providing any of the Services at
any time, for any or no reason, and without prior notice. Although Company makes
great effort to maximize the lifespan of all its Services, there are times when
a Service we offer will be discontinued. If that is the case, that product or
service will no longer be supported by Company. In such case, Company will
either offer a comparable Service for you to migrate to or a refund. Company
will not be liable to you or any third party for any modification, suspension,
or discontinuance of any of the Services we may offer or facilitate access to.

## 14. Fees and payments

You acknowledge and agree that your payment will be charged and processed by
Metatype. You agree to pay any and all prices and fees due for Services
purchased or obtained at this Site at the time you order the Services. Company
expressly reserves the right to change or modify its prices and fees at any
time, and such changes or modifications shall be posted online at this Site and
effective immediately without need for further notice to you. Refund Policy: for
products and services eligible for a refund, you may request a full refund
within 30 days of purchase ("Refund Period"). The refund will be processed in 30
days from the request. In no event will you be eligible for more than one refund
of the same service.

## 15. No third party beneficiaries

Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to confer any third-party rights or
benefits.

## 16. Compliance with local laws

Company makes no representation or warranty that the content available on this
Site are appropriate in every country or jurisdiction, and access to this Site
from countries or jurisdictions where its content is illegal is prohibited.
Users who choose to access this Site are responsible for compliance with all
local laws, rules and regulations.

## 17. Governing law

This Agreement and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it
or its subject matter or formation shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of Estonia, Tallinn, to the exclusion of conflict of
law rules.

## 18. Dispute resolution

Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to these Terms of Services
will be settled by binding arbitration. Any such controversy or claim must be
arbitrated on an individual basis, and must not be consolidated in any
arbitration with any claim or controversy of any other party. The arbitration
must be conducted in Estonia, Tallinn, and judgment on the arbitration award may
be entered into any court having jurisdiction thereof.

## 19. Titles and headings

The titles and headings of this Agreement are for convenience and ease of
reference only and shall not be utilized in any way to construe or interpret the
agreement of the parties as otherwise set forth herein.

## 20. Severability

Each covenant and agreement in this Agreement shall be construed for all
purposes to be a separate and independent covenant or agreement. If a court of
competent jurisdiction holds any provision (or portion of a provision) of this
Agreement to be illegal, invalid, or otherwise unenforceable, the remaining
provisions (or portions of provisions) of this Agreement shall not be affected
thereby and shall be found to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent
permitted by law.

## 21. Contact information

If you have any questions about this Agreement, please contact us by email or
regular mail at the following address: Metatype OÃœ, Sepapaja tn 6, 15551
Tallinn, Estonia EE (support at metatype.dev).

<!-- vale on -->
